about me
  self-introduction
  My name is Kevin Lai. I'm 25 years old and I'm local.
  challenge taker with can-do sprits

  education
  work experience
  habbit
  dream
  funny experience
  album

education
  ive
  After CE, I studed HD in Leisure Studies in Hong Kong Institute of vocational Education (IVE).
  The course is mainly event planning and my final project is organise a school-scale event for the student.
  The event is about brings traditional japanese festival experiene into school and received great response.
  In 2014, I study a top-up degree of events and leisure management after my graduation of Higher Diploma.

work experience
  MKCRSA
  In 2016, I work as a programme officer in Yau Tsim Mong football team. I am responsible for the running of football team.
  CSD
  In 2017, I apply for the recuirtment of Assistant Officer of CSD and to take a recuirtment training for 23 weeks.
  The training is about physical, drill and practical situation. The hardest thing is inadquate sleeping time that everyday is very tried but you stll need to stay focus.
  leave reason
    In June 2018, I reigned my job because I realized it is not a lifetime job.
    A shift duties let me lesser my family time and rest time that affect personal state
    The work is repetitive and detesting that not motivative
    Upgrade myself for Career plan

habbt
  I had beed exercising for 3-4 year and currently I go to gym 5 times per week. I very engage to it because before I started go to gym, I am a lazy person and always think negative.
  Exercising teach me if I take effort in something, I will get certain result and it is first time I got satisfaction.
  I also like to learning because I like to discover new things. After I resign my job, I had been learning building website and english by myself.
dream
  I want to work in a IT feild because I think it is the future trend of the world and I think interesting about studying IT
  I call it as dream because I'm totally new in this area that many things difficuly to me. I hope I can overcome it.
  one more thing, I want to become a sofeware enginner and remove to newzeland or other country.
funny experience
  I had been go to diving a graint turtle in taiwan. I am so impressed and diving under the ocean is amazing and insprait me a lot.
  During my study in the IVE, I am a president of student Union. I organized a lot of event such as music concert, hunted house and orientation camp for freshmen.
  Also, I had been go to a round trip in Taiwan by bycle.

  album
    ive photo x3
    MKCRSA photo x 3
    csd photo x 3
    fitness photo x 3
    diving photo x 3


    This is me. Hope you enjoy
